Xpanse - Cloud resource fixes (#13017)
demisto/content: Packs/ExpanseV2/ReleaseNotes/1_5_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Expanse v2

> - Fixed the assign/unassign tags/pocs commands to support Cloud resources.
> - Added new ***expanse-get-cloud-resource*** command to fetch a Cloud Resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the Cloud resources asset type in the following commands.
  - ***expanse-assign-pocs-to-asset*** 
  - ***expanse-unassign-pocs-from-asset*** 
  - ***expanse-assign-tags-to-asset*** 
  - ***expanse-unassign-pocs-from-asset*** 
- Added the ***expanse-get-cloud-resource*** command to fetch a Cloud Resource.
```
